I am Alexander Fleming, born in Ayrshire,
United Kingdom, in 1881.I was a Scottish bacteriologist
and Nobel Prize winner, best known for my
discovery of penicillin
I moved to London at the age of 13 and later
trained as a doctor. I qualified with distinction
in 1906 and began research at St Mary's Hospital
Medical School at the University of London
under Sir Almroth Wright, a pioneer in vaccine
therapy. In World War One, I served in the
Army Medical Corps and was mentioned in dispatches.
After the war, I returned to St Mary's.
In 1928, while studying influenza, I noticed
that mold had developed accidentally on a
set of culture dishes being used to grow the
staphylococci germ. The mold had created a
bacteria-free circle around itself. I experimented
further and named the active substance penicillin.
It was two other scientists however, Australian
Howard Florey and Ernst Chain, a refugee from
Nazi Germany, who developed penicillin further
so that it could be produced as a drug. At
first supplies of penicillin were very limited,
but by the 1940s it was being mass-produced
by the American drugs industry.
I wrote numerous papers on bacteriology, immunology,
and chemotherapy. I was elected professor
at the medical school in 1928 and emeritus
professor of bacteriology at the University
of London. I was elected fellow of the Royal
Society and knighted. In 1945, I shared the
Nobel Prize in Medicine with two other scientists.
I died on 11 March 1955. For the birth of
something new, there has to be a happening.
Newton saw an apple fall; James Watt watched
a kettle boil; Roentgen fogged some photographic
plates. And these people knew enough to translate
ordinary happenings into something new. Nature
makes penicillin; I just found it. I hope
my research has contributed to helping humans
to live healthier. I also wish that we never
stop observing our surroundings as the secret
of a happier life may be hiding in our shelves
without us knowing.